[ModelAPI] monodepth_demo (#2742)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: demos/monodepth_demo/python/README.md

                        HETERO and MULTI device cases use format <device1>:<nstreams1>,<device2>:<nstreams2> or just
                        <nstreams>).
  -nthreads NUM_THREADS, --num_threads NUM_THREADS
                        Optional. Number of threads to use for inference on CPU (including HETERO cases).

Input/output options:
  --loop                Optional. Enable reading the input in a loop.
  -o OUTPUT, --output OUTPUT
                        Optional. Name of the output file(s) to save.
  -limit OUTPUT_LIMIT, --output_limit OUTPUT_LIMIT
                        Optional. Number of frames to store in output. If 0 is set, all frames are stored.
  --no_show             Optional. Don't show output.
  --output_resolution OUTPUT_RESOLUTION
                        Optional. Specify the maximum output window resolution in (width x height) format. Example:
                        1280x720. Input frame size used by default.
  -u UTILIZATION_MONITORS, --utilization_monitors UTILIZATION_MONITORS
                        Optional. List of monitors to show initially.
```

Running the application with the empty list of options yields the usage message given above and an error message.

> You can use the following command to do inference on GPU with a pre-trained object detection model:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the following command to do inference on GPU with a pre-trained midasnet model:
```

```sh
python3 monodepth_demo.py \
  -d GPU \
  -i <path_to_video>/inputVideo.mp4 \
  -m <path_to_model>/midasnet.xml
```

The number of Infer Requests is specified by `-nireq` flag. An increase of this number usually leads to an increase
of performance (throughput), since in this case several Infer Requests can be processed simultaneously if the device
supports parallelization. However, a large number of Infer Requests increases the latency because each frame still
has to wait before being sent for inference.

For higher FPS, it is recommended that you set `-nireq` to slightly exceed the `-nstreams` value,
summed across all devices used.

> **NOTE**: This demo is based on the callback functionality from the Inference Engine Python API.
  The selected approach makes the execution in multi-device mode optimal by preventing wait delays caused by
  the differences in device performance. However, the internal organization of the callback mechanism in Python API

>   leads to a decrease in FPS. Please, keep this in mind and use the C++ version of this demo for performance-critical cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  leads to a decrease in FPS.
```
Since we don't have a C++ version
